My husband from my previous life is here. Laojin Laojin,
Come and meet me, Lao Jin. Give us your money back,
hurry up. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Refund us
Money, hurry up. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give
We'll refund the money, hurry up. Give us your money back, quickly.
Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back, quickly.
Give us your money back,
hurry up. Give us your money back, quickly. Give us your money back,
hurry up. Give us your money back,
hurry up. Give us your money back, quickly. Refund us
I will arrange relevant people immediately
You can actually protect us with fake goods
It’s really our group’s business
I’ll give you another 3,000 yuan as compensation.
These bastards must be hairy dogs
don't let me know who it is
Resignation and compensation are both small talk.
The key is that now our family’s burdens exceed 200 million.
All necessary
But I can’t stand it
You must find out who is behind this
What a coincidence
Just after we received Tianmei, fake products appeared.
Gong Ying Shang has lost contact now
Do you think this is an arm that cannot be saved?